Deadlines How-to (#2811)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/af-fundamentals-tutorial/modules/deadlines/pages/index.adoc

= Deadlines in Axon Framework
:navtitle: Deadlines

== Introduction

> Sometimes you don't want to trigger an aggregate or saga directly, but only after some time has past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you don't want to trigger an aggregate or saga directly, but only after some time has passed.
```

When this is the case you can use a Deadline.
If the event you want to publish is a non domain event, a scheduled event might be better fit.

> In order to use deadlines you need a `DeadlineManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use deadlines you need a `DeadlineManager`.
```

This howto will guide you through the basics of starting to work with deadlines.

> This includes configuring a deadline manager, and writing a test for a deadline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes configuring a deadline manager, scheduling and handling of a deadline, and writing a test for it.
```

Author: added

> Finally, we will show some more advanced use cases by improving the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we will look at more advanced use cases by expanding the functionality.
```

Author: added
